Welcome to PHPRaid!

Forward
-----------
Open Source software is one of the greatest ideas of the 21st centuary.  The concept that
you can turn open a piece of software to the world at large and have a community to support
it has produced amazing things.  Apache, Sendmail, Bind, the list goes on and on.  This 
project is no different.  Although much smaller in scope, the open source concept has
produced another great piece of software in phpRaid.  

Unfortuantly there is a downside to open source, when a project changes hands it also 
often changes direction, particulary in the case where the project changes hands through
a loss of focus, as it has here.  In this case, the original developer went a different 
direction and is maintaining a new piece of software...one a bit more generic than phpRaid.

While I, as the new maintainer, endevor to keep the basics of this software as close to
the original idea behind phpRaid, I also see a need to advance the software with some
new ideas and concepts of my own.  Hopefully in the end this application will be just as,
if not more, useful than it has been to you in the past.

As always, I, like most other open source maintainers, appreciate the constructive 
feedback of the community at large.  Open source is only as good as the community that 
supports it and uses it, and i'm not developing software in a vacuum.  Please let me
know of the changes you want and i'll do what I can to make them happen.

douglasw at wagnerweb dot org

Acknowledgements
-----------------
As stated in the release notes, phpRaid is under new management.

For the last several versions, the original designer of the software has turned over the 
code to the community to maintain.  It has passed through several hands to reach mine.

I would like to thank everyone in the phpRaid community who has taken the time to update
and keep this application living till this point, hopefully under my management we can
see some new features and updates without things going really wrong. :)

Please take the time (after installation or using a web browser now) to view the
credits.htm file for information on the prior maintainers of phpRaid.  Again, my
thanks to them for bringing the project to where it is today.

Installation/Upgrade
---------------------
Please see docs/INSTALL for information on both installing the 3.1.0 version of phpRaid 
as well as upgrading a current installation of phpRaid.  

The old phpRaid_install_doc.pdf is still there and is a very useful resource for setup
and installation of phpRaid, however it HAS NOT been updated to reflect 3.1.0.  Where
information in the installation pdf and the INSTALL text file conflict, please note that
the INSTALL file is correct.

Also: ** Please take the time to read through the INSTALL file, *especially* if you are 
upgrading from a prior version and ESPECIALLY the "errata" section for information on 
what's broken by this release.**

